Kalvium Teaching Ninjas (DSA + Tech Skilling) (Internship + PPO)
Opportunity
Come build the future of b.tech education - working with masters from Google/Amazon and
others, developing content and teaching students top skills that industry needs.
In this role, you will:
❖ Develop content working closely with industry experts (masters from google / amazon
among others) to develop students in DSA and competitive coding / among other tech mastery
tracks.
❖ Teach / mentor a cohort of students. Deliver high-impact training sessions on Data Structures
& Algorithms (DSA), System Design, and Data Sciences.
❖ Help students debug their code and their thought processes. Move them from brute-force
thinking to optimized solutions.
❖ Be an architect of career success for a cohort of students.
Who is it for:
Someone who:
● Is a master on DSA (on competitive coding sites)
● Has a large portfolio of work in open source or commercial work
● An educator at heart - You have a deep interest in DSA, System Design, and Data Science -
and an equally deep interest in teaching / mentoring peers on the topics.
● Is a competitive programmer who loves the thrill of solving hard problems but finds more joy
in explaining how you solved them?
What this role is not
● This is not a developer role. You will not be building tech products / features.
What’s in it for you:
● Impact: You are in the centre of building for the future of B.Tech Computer Science.
● Mastery: Become a master by teaching skills in depth.
● Identity: Craft an influencer pathway by building your own identity.
Qualifying criteria
❖ You are in your Final Year of your B.E/B.Tech/M.E//M.Tech (2027 Pass-Outs) and are able to
join us in the Office for Internship (And then potential PPO).
❖ LeetCode: "Knight" Badge.
❖ Codeforces: "Expert" Rating.
❖ CodeChef: "4-Star" Rating.
Location, Timings and Pay:
❖ Location: In-office in Bangalore.
❖ Work Mode: Onsite.
❖ Timings: 6-days a Week, 9:30AM to 6.30PM.
❖ Duration of internship: 12 Months.
❖ Stipend: Rs. 40,000/Month.
❖ PPO: Based on performance in internship. Quarterly reviews and pathway to PPO will be
clearly reviewed and communicated.
❖ CTC After Conversion to Full Time: Between 12-14 LPA Fixed Pay component.
About Kalvium:
Kalvium is an Education Company that runs a B.Tech in Computer Science Program in association
with Universities. It exists to give high-potential Students the environment, tools and guidance to
become ethical, joyful, professional Software Engineers — regardless of where they come from.
Kalvium is about building 10x Engineers — not just in skill, but in values, discipline, mindset and joy.
We are backed by 30+ industry stalwarts like top executives from Google, Microsoft, Flipkart and
PhonePe, as well as luminaries of India's unicorn ecosystem like Anupam Mittal, Kunal Shah, Rahul
Chari, and Ankit Bhati.
Our Website: https://kalvium.com/
Kalvium’s core values:
❖ We obsess about student experience and outcomes above all.
❖ We respect and trust each other. We disagree with candor and courtesy.
❖ We improve things regularly, rather than chase perfection.
❖ We embrace extreme ownership, championing outcomes not just tasks
❖ We learn continuously and seek discovery.
BYOD Policy: Kalvium operates on a Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) policy. Employees are
expected to use their own Laptops for work purposes.